Yami-Yugi:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
WHY DID YOU LEAD ME
DOWN HERE, ARKANA?
AND WHY DID
YOU FORCE ME
INTO A DUEL
IN WHICH
THE LOSER'S MIND
GETS SENT INTO
THE SHADOW REALM?
MARIK, HE MADE ME
AN OFFER...
IF I COULD ELIMINATE
YUGI MOTO FOR GOOD,
HE'D HELP ME
WIN BACK CATHERINE.
AH! SAY GOODBYE, YUGI...
I'M ABOUT TO DRAIN
YOUR LIFE POINTS
BY DRAINING ONE
OF MY MONSTER'S
SOULS AWAY!
FIRE THE ECTOPLASM!
THE SOUL OF YUGI'S
DARK MAGICIAN WAS
ALSO DRAINED
AND SEEMS TO BE
BLOCKING MY ATTACK!
IT LOOKS LIKE YOUR
PLAN TO DESTROY ME
BACKFIRED!
YOU MAY HAVE
AVOIDED THAT ONE,
BUT YOU'RE STILL
ONE ATTACK AWAY
FROM BEING BANISHED
TO THE SHADOW REALM FOREVER!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH,
KING OF GAMES ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
YOUR DARK MAGICIAN
IS DESTROYED,
AND YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE ALMOST AT ZERO.
ONE MORE ATTACK,
AND THAT DARK ENERGY DISC
WILL BANISH YOUR MIND
TO THE SHADOW REALM FOREVER!
NEVER!
YOU'VE ALREADY
LOST BY PUTTING
YOUR TRUST
IN A SCOUNDREL
LIKE MARIK!
DO YOU ACTUALLY
BELIEVE THAT
IF YOU DEFEAT ME
HE'LL REUNITE YOU
WITH YOUR LOST LOVE
CATHERINE?
IF SO, THEN YOU'RE
MORE OF A FOOL
THAN I THOUGHT.
DON'T LISTEN TO HIM,
MY SWEET!
WE'LL BE TOGETHER SOON!
[THINKING]
MARIK WILL BE SO PLEASED
WHEN I SEND YUGI
TO THE SHADOW REALM!
AND SINCE HE HELPED ME
CONSTRUCT MY DECK
SPECIFICALLY TO
COUNTERACT THE CARDS
IN YUGI'S DECK,
I CAN'T LOSE!
ARKANA! WHY DON'T
YOU SAVE YOURSELF
AND SET US FREE!?
HA! AND RUIN THE FUN?
NOW I'LL PLACE
ONE MONSTER FACEDOWN...
AND END MY TURN.
[GRR]
YUGI...
REMEMBER THIS IS
MY SHOW...
AND THE GRAND FINALE
IS SO CLOSE
THAT I CAN
PRACTICALLY TASTE IT!
DON'T FORGET THAT I'M
A MASTER OF MAGIC,
THE KING OF ALL
DARK MAGICIANS!
YOU'RE NOT EVEN
CLOSE, ARKANA...
WHAT KIND OF KING
WOULD EXTRACT
THE SOUL
OF HIS VERY OWN
DARK MAGICIAN?
YOU DISRESPECT
YOUR CARDS AND RELY
ON TRICKS TO WIN!
BUT I'LL MAKE SURE
YOU LOSE!
HUH? WHAT'S THAT, YUGI?
YOU'LL HAVE TO SPEAK UP.
I'M AFRAID I CAN'T
QUITE HEAR YOU...
...OVER THE HUM
OF THE DARK ENERGY DISC
WAITING TO SEND YOU
TO THE SHADOW REALM!
HA HA HA!
GET READY TO KISS YOUR
DARK MAGICIAN CARD--
AND YOUR MIND--
GOODBYE, YUGI!
THIS DUEL'S OVER...
NOW WATCH CLOSELY WHILE
I PULL A STUNNING VICTORY
OUT OF MY HAT!
HA HA HA!
SORRY YOUR TRICKS
WILL HAVE TO WAIT
SINCE YOUR TURN'S
OVER!
IT'S TIME FOR ME
TO TAKE CONTROL
OF THIS DUEL.
OH REALLY!?
YES, ESPECIALLY
SINCE YOU HAVE
NO MONSTERS LEFT
TO DEFEND YOU!
WELL MY LIFE POINTS
ARE HIGHER!
NOT FOR LONG,
ARKANA!
NOW...
I SUMMON
GAZELLE THE KING
OF MYTHICAL BEASTS!
[ROARS]
[THINKING]
HE FELL RIGHT
INTO MY TRAP!!
[SPEAKING]
ACTIVATE SHADOW BALANCE!
THIS TRAP CARD MAKES
THE NUMBER OF MONSTERS
YOU HAVE ON THE FIELD
EQUAL TO THE NUMBER I HAVE.
AND SINCE I DON'T HAVE
ANY MONSTERS ON THE FIELD
AT THE MOMENT THAT MEANS...
YOU DON'T EITHER!
HA HA HA!
[GRR]
IT CAN'T BE!
THAT REMOVES MY ONLY
DEFENSE AGAINST AN
ATTACK, WHICH MEANS...
WHEN THEY'RE GONE
I CAN WIPE OUT
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
[GRR]
HA HA HA!
[ROARING]
AAH!
NOW WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO TO DO?
HA HA HA!
YOUR DARK MAGICIAN
IS DESTROYED,
AND YOU'VE GOT
NO MONSTERS ON THE FIELD.
NOTHING CAN SAVE YOU NOW!
IT'S OVER!
[THINKING]
HEE HEE HEE!
EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED!
[SPEAKING]
I HOLD IN MY HAND
THE WINNING CARD!
THE KEY TO
SENDING YOUR MIND
TO THE SHADOW REALM
AND GETTING
MY SWEET CATHERINE BACK!
I TOLD YOU I WAS
THE TRUE MASTER
OF THE DARK MAGICIAN.
AND WHAT KIND
OF A MASTER WOULD HAVE
ONLY ONE DARK MAGICIAN
IN HIS DECK...HMMM?
MY FIRST ONE
MAY BE GONE...
BUT I HAVE ANOTHER
DARK MAGICIAN,
AND HE'S WAITING
TO DESTROY YOU, YUGI!
PLUS I CAN SUMMON HIM
WITHOUT SACRIFICING
A WEAKER MONSTER.
THANKS TO THIS!
THE DARK MAGIC CURTAIN,
HA!
OHH!
WATCH THIS PERFORMANCE!
THE DARK MAGIC CURTAIN
ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
A HIGH-LEVEL MONSTER
LIKE THE DARK MAGICIAN
WITHOUT A SACRIFICE
IN EXCHANGE FOR ONE HALF
OF MY TOTAL LIFE POINTS!
HEE HEE HEE!
YOU'RE ON,
DARK MAGICIAN!
YUGI, THERE'S NO WAY
YOU CAN WIN.
REMEMBER, MY DUELING DECK
WAS PUT TOGETHER
SPECIFICALLY TO COUNTER
YOUR STRENGTHS.
ITS MIX OF POWER
AND MAGIC MAKES
FOR AN UNBEATABLE SHOW,
DON'T YOU THINK?
MARIK WILL REWARD ME
WHEN I HAND HIM
YOUR DARK MAGICIAN CARD
AND TELL HIM YOUR MIND'S
IN THE SHADOW REALM!
HA HA HA!
PAY ATTENTION,
AS MY DARK MAGICIAN
WIPES OUT THE LAST
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS...
AND ENDS YOUR
DUELING CAREER FOREVER!
IF YOU THOUGHT THE SHOW
WAS GOOD BEFORE,
YOU WON'T WANT TO MISS
THIS ENDING, YUGI!
THIS IS IT!
THE FINAL PERFORMANCE
OF YUGI MOTO!
YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE ALMOST GONE,
AND YOU HAVE NO MONSTERS
TO HIDE BEHIND!
AS SOON AS MY
DARK MAGICIAN ATTACKS
YOU'RE FINISHED!
BUT FIRST...
JUST IN CASE
YOU'RE COUNTING
ON YOUR
TWO FACEDOWN CARDS
TO RESCUE YOU
FROM HAVING TO
SPEND ALL OF ETERNITY
IN THE SHADOW REALM,
I WILL TAKE THE LIBERTY
OF WIPING THEM OUT!
AND I'LL TAKE
CARE OF THE JOB
WITH MY ANTI-MAGIC ARROWS!
SAY GOODBYE
TO YOUR LAST HOPE!
SEEK AND DESTROY,
MY ARROWS!
UNH!
LOOKS LIKE I'VE
GOT YOU COMPLETELY
PINNED DOWN NOW, YUGI...
THE SHOW IS OVER!
[GRR]
DARK MAGICIAN,
ATTACK HIS
LIFE POINTS
DIRECTLY!
[GRUNTS]
HMM.
NOT SO FAST, ARKANA!
WHAT'S GOING ON!?
MY DARK MAGIC CURTAIN
IS WORKING FOR YOU!?
YES! YOU SHOULD
READ THE RULES
MORE CLOSELY.
ITS MAGIC
SUMMONING POWER
IS AVAILABLE
TO BOTH SIDES
OF THE DUELING
FIELD...
AAH!
SO THAT MEANS
I CAN TRADE HALF
OF MY LIFE POINTS
FOR A MONSTER, TOO.
AND JUST LIKE YOU DID
I'LL PLAY...
ANOTHER
DARK MAGICIAN!!
BUT WAIT! I WAS TOLD
YOU ONLY HAD
ONE DARK MAGICIAN
IN YOUR DECK!
WELL, YOU'RE
PARTIALLY RIGHT,
BUT MOSTLY
MISINFORMED!
STOP SPEAKING
IN RIDDLES!
THE CARD THAT I
NOW HOLD IN MY HAND
IS A DIFFERENT
VARIETY
OF DARK MAGICIAN,
ARKANA!
AND IT IS EVEN
MORE POWERFUL
THAN YOURS IS!
YOU LIE!
I'D KNOW IF ANOTHER
DARK MAGICIAN CARD EXISTED!
IT CAN'T BE!
IT IS!
SAY HELLO TO
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
[SIGHING]
IT'S TRUE!
A FEMALE DARK MAGICIAN!
BUT YOU'RE WRONG
ABOUT ONE THING!
YOUR GIRLFRIEND'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE LESS THAN
MY DARK MAGICIAN'S.
IN A HEAD-TO-HEAD BATTLE
MY MONSTER WILL
WIPE HER OUT!
IT'S OVER!
DARK MAGICIAN, ATTACK
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL!
HA HA HA!
FINALLY YUGI'S DEFEATED!!
I DON'T THINK SO...
TAKE ANOTHER LOOK,
ARKANA!
NO!!
MY DARK MAGICIAN'S
BEEN BEATEN!
[GASPS]
BUT HOW!?
THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE
MY GRAND FINALE!!
IT CAN'T BE!
HE HAD 500 MORE
ATTACK POINTS
THAN SHE DID!
WRONG AGAIN!
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL
GAINS 300 EXTRA
ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY
DARK MAGICIAN
THAT'S INSIDE
THE CARD GRAVEYARD,
ARKANA...
MAKING HER STRONG
ENOUGH TO DEFEAT
YOUR DARK MAGICIAN.
IT STILL DOESN'T
ADD UP!
THERE'S ONLY ONE
DARK MAGICIAN CARD
IN YOUR GRAVEYARD!
EVEN WITH THE EXTRA
300 POINTS,
HER TOTAL IS
ONLY 2300.
THAT MEANS MY
DARK MAGICIAN
STILL OUTRANKS HER
BY 200 POINTS!
OPEN YOUR EYES!...
IF YOU WERE
A MASTER OF
THE DARK MAGICIAN,
YOU WOULD HAVE
SEEN THE ANSWER
IN FRONT OF YOU.
WHAT?
NO...
IT CAN'T BE!
MY FIRST DARK MAGICIAN'S
THERE, TOO!
B-BUT WHY?
WHY WOULD THE POWER
OF MY DARK MAGICIAN
BE REBORN
IN YOUR MONSTER?!!?
THE DARK MAGICIAN
GIRL INHERITS POINTS
FROM EVERY
DARK MAGICIAN
NO MATTER WHOSE
GRAVEYARD IT'S IN.
SO WHEN YOU
DESTROYED YOUR
FIRST MAGICIAN...
...YOU HELPED GIVE
MY DARK MAGICIAN
GIRL THE POWER
SHE NEEDED TO
DESTROY YOUR SECOND!
[GASPS]
AND NOW, ARKANA...
PREPARE FOR MY
GRAND FINALE.
AS I WIPE OUT
THE LAST OF YOUR
LIFE POINTS!
NO! LET ME OUT!
DARK MAGICIAN
GIRL...
ATTACK HIS
LIFE POINTS
DIRECTLY!
AAH!
WHEN YOU MISTREAT
YOUR CARDS,
YOU PAY
A HIGH PRICE.
YOU LOSE!
SETO SAID
YUGI'S IN HERE!
HEY! IS EVERYTHING
ALRIGHT, GUYS?
NO, TRISTAN!
YUGI'S BEEN
MISSING FOR HOURS!
HE'S MISSING? HMM.
Tea: HE WALKED
INTO A TENT
AND DISAPPEARED!
Mokuba: AND MY
BROTHER TRACED HIM
TO THE BASEMENT
OF THIS BUILDING!
HE MUST BE TRAPPED!
WELL, THEN WE GOTTA
BUST IN THERE
AND RESCUE HIM!
SO LET'S DO IT!
YOU CALL YOURSELF
A DARK MAGICIAN
MASTER?
IT WAS
YOUR DISRESPECT
AND YOUR MISUSE
OF YOUR OWN
DARK MAGICIANS
THAT CAUSED YOU
TO LOSE THIS DUEL,
ARKANA!
THAT...CAN'T BE!!
THERE'S NO WAY
YOU COULD HAVE
DEFEATED ME, YUGI!
I AM THE GREATEST
MAGICIAN THE WORLD
HAS EVER KNOWN!
YOU'RE NOTHING, YUGI!
WHAT I AM IS
VERY SORRY FOR YOU.
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU LED ME ALL
THE WAY DOWN HERE,
FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE
OF LOSING
AT YOUR OWN DEMENTED
GAME, ARKANA!
YOU RELIED
ON TRICKERY TO WIN
INSTEAD OF TRUSTING
AND RESPECTING
THE HEART
OF THE CARDS.
THE DARK ENERGY DISC!
NO! THIS CAN'T
BE HAPPENING!
I CAN'T LOSE,
OR I'LL NEVER GET BACK
MY SWEET CATHERINE!!
HELP ME!
THE KEY
AND A LOCATOR CARD!
[GRANDPA GRUNTING]
Grandpa: YUGI!
WE'RE COMIN', BUDDY!
THIS IS IT!
IT'S BOLTED SHUT!
HEY, GUYS, LISTEN.
WHAT'S THAT HUM?
AAH!
SOMEONE HELP ME!!!
[THINKING]
HA HA HA!
A REAL MAGICIAN
ALWAYS HAS
ONE MORE TRICK
UP HIS SLEEVE--
LIKE A SPARE KEY!
HA HA HA!
WHICH MEANS THAT
I WILL INDEED MAKE
MY GREAT ESCAPE AFTER ALL!
MY HAND...
IT'S FROZEN...
I CAN'T MOVE MY HAND!
Marik: ARKANA...
AAH! MASTER MARIK!
YOU DIDN'T HOLD UP
YOUR END OF THE BARGAIN...
SO PREPARE
FOR YOUR PUNISHMENT!
OHH! JUST GIVE ME
ANOTHER CHANCE!
SPARE ME FROM
THE SHADOW REALM!
Marik: NO!
AND YOU'RE NEXT, YUGI!
HA HA HA!
PLEASE, MARIK!
PLEASE DON'T
SEND ME TO
THE SHADOW REALM!!
Marik: WHERE'S YOUR
MAGIC NOW, FOOL?
THE KEY!
WHERE'D IT GO?
I JUST HAD THE KEY,
AND NOW IT'S GONE!!
I'M LOSING MY MIND.
HA HA HA!
IS YOUR BRAIN PLAYING
TRICKS ON YOU, ARKANA?
OR HAVE YOU JUST
LOST CONTROL
OF YOUR FEEBLE
LITTLE MIND?
THAT KEY IN YOUR HAND
DOESN'T REALLY EXIST!
AAH!
[SCREAMING]
HEY! YUGI, IT'S US!
IS THAT YOU IN THERE??
Grandpa: YUGI!
WE'LL GET YOU
OUT OF THERE!
AAH!
HOLD ON!! UNH!
[SCREAMING]
[GRUNTING]
NOT EVEN
A CHEAT LIKE YOU
DESERVES TO GO
TO THE SHADOW REALM!
[SOBBING]
WHAT HAVE I DONE?
CATHERINE!
I'M COMING!
CATHERINE...
OHH!
MY CATHERINE...
PLEASE STAY
AND LET ME MAKE
IT ALL UP TO YOU!
PLEASE.
MY DARLING!?
WHAT'S GOING ON!
I HAVE BEEN TRICKED.
OR MAYBE MARIK
IS JUST HIDING
THE REAL CATHERINE
TO SURPRISE ME
WITH LATER!
OH, CATHERINE,
I NEED YOU
BACK WITH ME.
WE CAN FINALLY
GET MARRIED
AND FORGET ALL THIS.
ARKANA, ARE YOU
GOING TO BE ALRIGHT?
CAN I HELP?
[AS MARIK]
HA! ARKANA IS GONE!
SO WE MEET AGAIN,
LITTLE YUGI.
I'M SURE I NEED
NO INTRODUCTION.
SHOW YOUR FACE
TO ME, MARIK--
COWARD!
I'LL REVEAL MYSELF
TO YOU WHEN THE TIME
IS RIGHT AND NO SOONER!
ONCE I OBTAIN
WHAT'S MINE!
AND YOU KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT I WANT.
THE UNLIMITED POWER
OF THE ANCIENT PHARAOH.
THE SPIRIT THAT LIVES
WITHIN YOUR PUZZLE.
NO WAY, MARIK!
YOU CAN'T STOP ME!
REMEMBER WHEN I TOOK
CONTROL OF BANDIT KEITH?
I ALMOST SUCCEEDED
IN SEPARATING YOU
FROM THE MILLENNIUM
PUZZLE FOREVER!
NO, MY PUZZLE!
UNFORTUNATELY,
YOU WERE ABLE TO
PUT IT BACK TOGETHER
BEFORE YOU AND YOUR
SPIRIT FRIEND, YAMI,
WERE DESTROYED.
TELL ME WHY YOU WANT
YAMI'S POWER.
ANSWER ME!
BECAUSE THAT POWER
IS RIGHTFULLY MINE!
AND ONCE I HAVE IT
I WILL BE UNSTOPPABLE!
THE WORLD WILL
BELONG TO ME!
...AND NO ONE WILL STAND
IN THE WAY OF MY DESTINY!
ESPECIALLY NOT YOU!
OH YEAH?
JUST WATCH ME,
MARIK!
LISTEN, LITTLE YUGI!
MY FAMILY HAS SLAVED
FOR CENTURIES.
PROTECTING THE TOMB
OF THE PHARAOH
UNTIL HIS RETURN.
AND FOR WHAT!?
I SHOULD BE THE PHARAOH!
NEVER!
YOU WON'T
GET THE POWER
OF THE PHARAOH,
AND I'LL MAKE
SURE OF IT!
THAT POWER BELONGS
TO YAMI, NOT YOU!
HA! WELL WE'LL JUST SEE
ABOUT THAT, LITTLE YUGI.
YOU'RE NOTHING
BUT A VESSEL FOR
THE PHARAOH'S SPIRIT.
YOU COULD NEVER COMPREHEND
HIS STRENGTH.
NOR COULD YOU STAND
IN MY WAY OF GETTING IT!
WE'VE GIVEN UP TOO MUCH
TO LET SOMEONE ELSE
CLAIM THE THRONE.
I WAS RAISED
ON THE ANCIENT SCRIPTURES,
LEARNING ALL
THERE IS TO KNOW
ABOUT KING YAMI
THE PHARAOH
AND THE SHADOW GAMES.
THE KEY TO HIS POWER
IS YOUR PUZZLE
AND THE THREE
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS.
BUT I CAN'T JUST TAKE
THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
FROM YOU.
ACCORDING TO
THE ANCIENT SCRIPTURES
I HAVE TO DEFEAT YOU
IN A DUEL FIRST.
THEN I'LL BANISH YOU
TO THE SHADOW REALM!
BUT WHY WOULD YOU
DO THAT!?
TO MAKE SURE YOU STAY
OUT OF MY WAY!
ONCE I GAIN CONTROL
OF THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
AND OBTAIN ALL THREE
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS...
I'LL BE KING!
AND A MUCH MORE
WORTHY KING
THAN YOUR
COUNTERPART, YAMI.
HE DOESN'T EVEN
KNOW HOW TO HARNESS
THE GREAT POWERS THAT LIE
DORMANT WITHIN HIM!
I, ON THE OTHER HAND,
KNOW FULL WELL
HOW TO TAKE THEM
FROM HIM.
AND MY MILLENNIUM ROD
WILL ENSURE THAT I GET
EVERYTHING I NEED!
WHO HASTH'CARDS?
I ALREADY POSSESS TWO
OF THE EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS.
AND I KNOW WHERE
TO FIND THE THIRD ONE.
SOON ENOUGH MY LOYAL TEAM
OF RARE HUNTERS
WILL BRING
THE FINAL CARD TO ME!
IT'S ONLY A MATTER
OF TIME, YOU SEE...
THAT IS, UNTIL I TAKE
WHAT IS RIGHTFULLY MINE
AND BANISH YOU
AND THE FORMER PHARAOH...
TO THE DREADED
SHADOW REALM,
WHERE YOU WILL SPEND
ALL OF ETERNITY
WHILE THE REST
OF THE WORLD
IS KNEELING
BEFORE KING MARIK,
THE NEW PHARAOH!
HA HA HA!
Marik: YOU'RE POWERLESS
AGAINST ME, LITTLE YUGI.
MY DESTINY
CAN'T BE STOPPED.
DON'T YOU SEE IT'S ONLY
A MATTER OF TIME!?
THE THREE EGYPTIAN
GOD CARDS,
ALONG WITH YOUR
MILLENNIUM PUZZLE,
WILL BELONG TO ME!
THEN I WILL
STRIP THE PHARAOH
OF HIS ANCIENT POWERS
AND INFUSE THEM
WITHIN MYSELF!
[THINKING]
I HAFTA KEEP MARIK
FROM GETTING
ALL THIS POWER.
I WISH I KNEW MORE
ABOUT YAMI'S
ANCIENT PAST
'CAUSE HISTORY
IS REPEATING ITSELF,
AND IT'S MY DESTINY
TO HELP HIM SAVE
THE WORLD AGAIN!
I DO KNOW THAT MARIK
CAN'T SUCCEED
WITHOUT THE
MILLENNIUM PUZZLE,
AND IN ORDER
TO GET IT FROM ME
HE HAS TO DEFEAT ME
IN A DUEL...
SO AS LONG
AS I BELIEVE
IN THE HEART
OF THE CARDS
AND STAY
CONNECTED TO YAMI,
I CAN STOP HIM!
MARIK!
YOU'LL NEVER DEFEAT
ME IN A DUEL
SO YOU'LL NEVER GET
YOUR GREEDY HANDS
ON MY PUZZLE!
I PROMISE YOU
BY THE SANDS OF EGYPT...
THE PHARAOH'S POWER
WILL BE MINE.
ANOTHER OF MY MIND-SLAVES
IS ALREADY IN BATTLE CITY
WAITING TO DEFEAT YOU
AND TAKE YOUR PUZZLE!
AND, HE HOLDS
AN EGYPTIAN GOD CARD!
AND WHAT'S THE NAME
OF THIS CARD!?
YOU'LL FIND OUT
SOON ENOUGH, LITTLE YUGI!
'TIL THEN,
BEWARE THE QUIET ONE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
MARIK?
WHO IS
THE QUIET ONE?
WE'LL MEET AGAIN, YUGI.
[SIGHS]
OHH!
[MOANING]
I'M NOT AFRAID
OF YOU!
NEXT TIME SHOW ME
YOUR FACE,
YOU COWARD!
UNH!
YUGI!
YOU ALRIGHT, BUDDY?
Tea: WE'RE HERE!
Grandpa: YUGI!
HEY, GUYS!
YOU'RE OK!
WHAT HAPPENED HERE?
SOON WE WILL
HAVE YUGI'S
MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
AND THE THREE
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS.
AND HOW WILL YOU GET
OBELISK FROM KAIBA?
THAT'S
A SIMPLE TASK...
I'M NOT CONCERNED...
ONCE YUGI IS
TAKEN CARE OF...
I'LL STRIP KAIBA
OF HIS EGYPTIAN
GOD CARD.
SO YOU'RE GOING
TO DUEL KAIBA YOURSELF?
IF IT COMES
TO THAT, YES...
BUT LIKE I SAID,
MY FIRST CONCERN
IS YUGI AND HIS
MILLENNIUM PUZZLE...
AND KEEP
AN EYE ON THOSE
FRIENDS OF HIS.
RIGHT.
I DON'T WANT THEM
GETTING IN MY WAY.
ACTUALLY, ODION,
THEY MAY PROVE TO BE
QUITE USEFUL TO ME.
I COULD ALWAYS
USE MORE SERVANTS
TO DO MY BIDDING!
IN THE MEANTIME,
I'LL USE
THE QUIET ONE
TO CRUSH YUGI MOTO
IN A DUEL
AND BRING HIS
MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
TO ME! HA HA HA!
Marik, thinking:
IT'S ONLY A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE I POSSESS
THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE,
WITHIN WHICH LIES
THE SPIRIT OF THE PHARAOH.
THEN I'LL COMBINE
THE STRENGTH
OF THE WINGED DRAGON OF RA,
SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON,
AND THE SOON-TO-BE MINE
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR.
AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE ANCIENT SCRIPTURES,
THE UNLIMITED POWER
OF THE PHARAOH HIMSELF
WILL BELONG TO ME!
THE ENTIRE WORLD WILL
KNEEL AT MY FEET
AND NO ONE WILL
BE ABLE TO STOP ME!
HA HA HA!
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH,
KING OF GAMES ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪